**calendar-clicksend-lambda**This code aggregates events from a Google Calendar ics URL and sends them to a SMS contact list on ClickSend.Like any npm project, you will need to run "npm install".Then to upload to lambda, zip-up the folder and upload it to the function.To test locally, you can define the variables with values and re-write the lambda export as a regular JavaScript function definition.**Environment Variables**calendar\_url: The public ics URL of the Google Calendar that has the events to text out.clicksend\_api\_key: This is used by the code to access the ClickSend account. It is like a password.clicksend\_campaign\_title: This is stored as the title of the text on the ClickSend history. clicksend\_sms\_id: Each contact list has a number assigned to it by ClickSend. This is used in the code to identify which contact list to send the text to.clicksend\_username: the username of the ClickSend account.text\_after\_events: These are the words appended at the end of each text.text\_before\_events: These are the words added at the beginning of each text.time\_format: These letters represent a time/date format to use in the text.time\_period: This represents the type of time to look forward on the calendar. For instance "days".time\_value: This represents how many of the time\_period to look ahead on the calendar. So if it is 12 and time\_period is days, it will look 12 days ahead to see what events there are and add them to the text.timezone: This specifies the timezone of the time\_format.